---
sidebar_position: 1
---



# GPC 2019

## GC85M92 31.08.2019

We spent about 1 year preparing GPC, during which time the website was built and all tasks were created. It was a huge job, as we had to build everything from scratch. Ole already had a good idea of ​​how he wanted to build up the website, but at several board meetings in between it was tested, we came up with ideas and it was adjusted a little here and there. Quickly found out that it could be useful to have a separate working group for GPC, so we separated the board of GPS with the Steering Group of GPC. (We are a small association and usually the same people have to change hats here and there, but this works fine!)

It was decided to hold GPC2019 at Furumoen, Galterud. It was possible to rent the entire area with the sports field, clubhouse and forest area around for a decent amount of money. We felt we needed a lot of space to romp outside, but also an opportunity to move inside if it rained.

71 WA logs came in and we realized that this could be big, we had also bet that those who wanted would be able to come with a RV and park in the car park from Friday.

I would like to say that most things went well, the system itself that was built worked, some small things had to be corrected during the day, but when you think about how much can go wrong when you try this for the first time, it went well! The weather was on our side, people were happy and we immediately got questions about when the next GPC would be held! 69 people logged the event

See **[GPC2019 on Geocaching](https://coord.info/GC85M92)**.

Results after **[GPC2019](https://glaamadalen.no/artikler/resultater-fra-gpc)**. (In norwegian)
