---
sidebar_position: 1
---



# GPC 2022

## GC9P2RD 03.09.2022

Not long after we finished the event, we toyed with the idea of ​​making another one. But to hold it every year, we knew we wouldn't be able to bear that. There is quite a lot that has to be in order and you need volunteers. Since we are such a small association, it is not so easy to have enough staff for the secretariat, kiosk, parking attendants, guard/supervision of exercises and people to make the tasks.

We talked about holding the next GPC in 2021, and then having it every two years, but then Covid struck. This meant that 2021 was out of the question to gather over 100 people in one place, the association would not take on this responsibility even if it were to be opened up to hold larger events outdoors. 2022 was set as the next possibility, with reservations, and we put everything on hold until the spring of 2022. We set ourselves a deadline of February/March, then we had to start the work if we were to hold the event after the summer of the same year. From there it went on and on with online meetings, a lot of brainstorming in our Facebook group and we sometimes met at the event site to test tasks and plan the whole event.

The website got an upgrade from Olet, a number of improvements since the last time, some new tasks were created and some old ones were taken out and changed a little. We brought even more people with us to help arrange the whole thing and felt that now we were even stronger than the first time! A trophy was also ordered, which will have the winners from all GPCs on it.
This time we had 74 WA and ended up with 66 logs, we also added a little more around the event itself with a welcome event on Friday.

The day itself was another success, the weather was beautiful, people were in good spirits and almost all the tasks worked as they should. We take some with us further for evaluation and improvement, but we were very satisfied with the result!
See **[GPC2022 on Geocaching](https://coord.info/GC9P2RD)**.

Results after **[GPC2022](https://glaamadalen.no/artikler/resultater-fra-gpc-22)**. (In norwegian)
